fix: successive optional route parameters can now be empty (#9266)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/nasty-guests-sing.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> fix: Chained optional parameters can now be excluded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: successive optional route parameters can now be empty
```
